atip: management cluster fixes (#373)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/product/atip-management-cluster.adoc

[NOTE]
====
* The names of the nodes must be unique in the cluster.

> * Optionally the `initializer` field can be used to specify the bootstrap host, otherwise it will be the first node in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Optionally, use the `initializer` field to specify the bootstrap host, otherwise it will be the first node in the list.
```
